feat: coin order (#11)
Adamant-im/adamant-wallets: README.md

  // Should an app itself create the coin or only use the info for the blockchain
  "createCoin": true,

  "defaultVisibility": true, // Optional. To show a coin by default, or hide it

>   "defaultOrder": 0, // Optional. Default order in a wallet list. Coins with the same order are sorted alphabetically. Coins without an order are shown last, alphabetically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "defaultOrdinalLevel": 0, // Optional. Default ordinal number in a wallet list. Coins with the same ordinal number are sorted alphabetically. Coins without an order are shown last, alphabetically
```
